# Kuros-VideoFetcher 
This is a YouTube downloader created using yt-dlp. The available options upon startup are expressed with the ">" symbol, and their details with the "・" symbol. The settings are automatically saved to config.ini.

FFmpeg.exe and FFprobe.exe are included in the .zip file, so they do not need to be added to the PATH.

|OPTIONS|###############################################################

    OUTPUT
    Selects the working folder, where subfolders will be generated.

    FOLDER
    Configures the folder generation settings. If all options are enabled, the folder tree will be as follows (the [] part may vary depending on the context):

[Selected output folder]
└─dl_videos
├─Playlist
│ └─[Playlist title]
└─[uploader]

The options for generating the folders are:
・DL FOLDER: Generates the 'dl_videos' folder.
・UPLOADER FOLDER: Generates the '[uploader]' folder.
・PLAYLIST FOLDER: Generates the 'Playlist' and '[Playlist title]' folders.

    FORMAT
    Selects the format of the files to download. The first option is for downloading only the audio, while the second includes the video as well.

|AUDIO|###############################################################
(Options available when downloading audio only)

    META
    Enables/disables embedding metadata when downloading audio only.

    THUMBNAIL
    Enables/disables embedding thumbnails when downloading audio only.

|OTHER|###############################################################

    NOTIFICATION
    Enables/disables notifications when downloads are complete. The notification has the following options:
    ・Play button: Plays the downloaded file immediately.
    ・Open Folder button: Opens the folder where the downloaded file is located.
    ・Notification click: Opens the downloaded folder when downloading a playlist.

    BACKGROUND
    Not yet implemented. This feature allows downloads to continue in the background even if the window is closed. The process ends when the download is complete.

|OTHER OPTIONS|###############################################################

    PLAYLIST
    Downloads an entire playlist if enabled. This option should only be enabled when downloading a playlist, as otherwise an 'NA' folder will be generated inside the 'Playlist' folder and the downloaded files will be saved there.

    AUDIO ONLY
    Downloads only the audio if enabled. The format can be selected using the FORMAT option.

|OTHER INFORMATION|==============================================================================

    Input box
    Allows for pasting a URL and starting the download by pressing ENTER.

    DND support
    Supports drag and drop of video.

    Tray icon
    Displays a small icon in the taskbar tray. Right-clicking on it will display a menu with options.

If you encounter any bugs or have feedback, please post on issues or discussion page.
author is not always online on GitHub, but is on Twitter, so if you think my response is late, please contact me via Direct Message on Twiiter.
|Twitter|
https://twitter.com/Bkurosiko

|MEGA|

    youtube-dl old ver
    https://mega.nz/folder/pSlmgbQA#MpLR8fWfKuGUeUEmwteODg

    youtube-dl new ver
    https://mega.nz/folder/AfFRkJLK#BCLR8DbJeFrWuoarCFK8BA

    other
    https://mega.nz/fm/BPszyKjS


|Generated by ChatGPT|
